TODO: split tools into individual objects in a separate file, as children of toolbelt
TODO: pick colour from outside the canvas makes it alpha=0, white
TODO: change canvas default background to actual algo that checkers the canvas instead of of the placeholder image
TODO: start canvas should be alpha=0, white (implement actual alpha effect of pixels, not just by-layer)
TODO: change program so that pixel colour displays as sum of all layers + background default (white by default)

TODO: fine-tuning for rainbow mode (e.g. only change hue, or alpha, or red blue or green etc)

TODO: undo & redo hold down. Also, force redraw after several undos since those tend to make draw bugs

TODO: improve runtime of fill

TODO: special icons instead of placeholder buttons, and then a label when you hover the UI element that appears in tooltip area like in FL Studio

TODO: draw fill tool (like fill but you can continuously fill while dragging along. Note: if you already filled a pixel, you can't fill it again until you release and re-click)
TODO: paint brush tool (like pencil but has diminish affect) - maybe merge with pencil tool and call pencil when dim is 0

TODO: resizing bug with canvas overlapping the ui. Hmm, this may be a good time to make ui section, and then canvas area (and then this is clickable e.g. draw line starting off the canvas but inside canvas area. But you can't draw in UI area)
TODO: pan canvas and zoom tools (and buttons), but it's limited to the canvas area of course.

TODO: option for ultra-save that also saves the History object, i.e. all canvas states... this could be beefy so compression is a must
TODO: draw line start from outside canvas should start from a point outside the canvas

TODO: pencil tool size option
TODO: pencil tool fix aliasing and better algorithm for drawing (so we don't get multiple pixels that thicken parts of the line)
TODO: fill option for diff. algos

TODO: touchscreen pencil bug fix? is it possible to fix with pygame?
TODO: button that auto-maxes velocity and saturation of colour.
TODO: colour picker keepalpha toggle, layer toggle, global toggle
TODO: show line draw preview realtime

TODO: layer select UI and functionality
TODO: layer visibility toggle and opacity slider
TODO: pick colour from layer vs from global

TODO: alpha slider should show a demo of alpha using a checkerboard pattern in the slider

TODO: ui element labels
TODO: reorganize ui on page to make more sense (e.g. global fill button is next to fill tool button)
TODO: sub-tool option buttons should only appear next to tool select panel if tool is currently selected

TODO: erase tool
TODO: tool select buttons (with icons)
TODO: gui resizing and malleability functions

TODO: resize canvas function
TODO: resize image function

TODO: line temp draw (makes use of the save_image)
TODO: Multiprocressing for undo, fill, etc (tools that take a lot of time), and STOP button (to stop an auto draw midway)

TODO: select draw tool
TODO: magic wand tool
TODO: lasso tool
TODO: basic select tool
TODO: move tool
TODO: rotate tool
TODO: scale tool

TODO: copy/paste tool for selected area

TODO: for all basic tools (e.g. pencil, fill, line) add these cool functionalities:
TODO: blur tool
TODO: sharpen tool
TODO: jumble tool
TODO: noise generation tool

TODO: and also tool colour adding options:
TODO: multiply
TODO: screen
TODO: overwrite
TODO: normal
TODO: overlay
TODO: soft light
TODO: colour burn
TODO: colour dodge
TODO: hard light
TODO: difference
TODO: exclusion


TODO: basic colour transformations (on whole image, or layer or selected area)
TODO: contrast
TODO: brightness
TODO: hue
TODO: saturation
TODO: colour balance
TODO: levels
TODO: curves
TODO: exposure
TODO: gamma
TODO: vibrance
TODO: invert
TODO: threshold
TODO: posterize

TODO: gradient tool
TODO: shape tool

TODO: zoom tool

TODO: effects menu:
TODO: outline
TODO: shadow
TODO: glow
TODO: pixelate
TODO: emboss
